# Two Lessons of The Cathedral and the Bazaar
_"Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to 
take away."_

I think this is saying that the job is truly complete when you have reviewed your work and see no more mistakes within what
you have done. A lot of times in code we have stuff we don't really need or we can improve. After we have done this and there
is not anything else to change, our work is truly done. I think there is definitely truth to this and something everyone should
hold their code accountable for.

_"Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."_

I think that this is saying that sometimes the mistake is not within the code itself but what lense you were looking at it with.
A lot of times we get stuck on a problem and seem to not be able to come to a solution or answer because we were just looking
at it incorrectly. We may over complicate the problem or had a wrong interpretation. I can personally relate to this because I 
have been in this situation any times. After truly internalizing the problem, I got a better understanding of it and was able
to think of a solution.

# Lesson that I like

_To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you_

I like this lesson because a key to liking what you are working on or enjoy your job is from the beginning doing something that
peaks your personal interest. You will not mind working on it countless hours or doing outside research or whatever the case may
be to accomplish your goal. Since you like it, working on it will not feel like a task and since you like it the journey to the
destination with the code will come sooner.

# Personal Project

So we far we have decided what our issue will be and have started working on it. We have a better undertsanding of what it is 
they want and require of us or our issue. For the coming week, we will most likely try to show them an outine of what our pull
request will be to make sure it is as they require and make sure we are on the right track.
