---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---
# Open Source #

*What do I think when I hear open source?*

I think open source means that people are able to work together on something they feel passionate about. 

*What are advatanges of open vs. closed source projects?*

I think some advantages of open source is that its cheaper than other software. Others could costs a lot of money that one may not be able to pay. A wider crowd is able to use it. Also, it is reliable becuase those who work on it have an interest in it and what to see it progress. Some disadvantages are that sometimes those who created the project can be unresponsive and take a really long time to reply. Also, depending on how far long the project is, it can take time to understand it.

*Why did I decide to sign up for the class?*

I decided to register for this class because I have heard before about open source but wasn't exactly sure what it was. I wanted to find out more about and here I am.

# Projects #

Four open source projects I have used before are Wikipedia, Eclipse, Python and Audacity. 
* Wikipedia:
I have used to get information about anything and everything. Similar to just using google to look something up. 
* Eclipse:
I have used mainly in the classroom to write up code for a certain project. It is like a text editor and you can use any other editor that you would like such as Sublime or notepad++. 
* Python:
I have also used for classes and doing project in Python. It is specifically for python but you can use other tect editors to write python and then run it on your terminal. 
* Audacity:
I mainly used it in high school when I was taking the AP spanish exam. We had to do a speaking portion and we did it on that. It is for Audio recordings.You can use other generic apps for Audio that contribute to the clarity of recordings.


