# Possbile Project #

In my search for a project I may be interested in, I found one that uses real life situations and turns it into a game. 
To some it might seem harsh or unappealing. I, on the other hand, thought it to be intesting. It may help make some life
decisions easier or more bearable. Thus, I decided to the evaluation on it. From what I gathered it seems like a good first
project with only the flaw that documentation is not its stronghold. Nonetheless, interesting and perhaps worth it. The evaluation is 
below.





## Project Evaluation ##

*Project's General Information*

Habitica is the name. It is an open source habit building program which treats your life like a Role Playing Game. 
Level up as you succeed, lose HP as you fail, earn money to buy weapons and armor. The website for it is 
https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica .

*Contributing and Response*

It seems that generally they respond back to issues and look at what people say. In addition, they are friendly 
towards any isssues and respond in a timely manner. They also have different forms of communications such as a blog, provide emails and suggest github.

*Installation*

It seems that instalation is pretty straught foward. They have a lot of links and tips to help you sucessfully install their project.

*Pull request*

It seems that if there are any pull request, they are reviewed and used if appropiate. 

*Documentation*

I didn't see any issues that involved documentation. Hence, I looked at some of the code and there was none which, would
most definitely something to keep in mind.

*Overall*

According to what I saw it looks like a good project. They are open to new suggestions and respond fairly quick. The only thing is that they do not have documentation. if they do, not much.
