# Cathedral VS Bazzar

I think the difference is that in the cathedral model when a develpemnt is done it is available to the public. However, as they 
work on it, others are not able to see it only those working on it. For bazaar, all throughout the process of the development
and when the code is done, others are able to contribute to it and access it. I think I prefer the bazzar because if others
can be more resourceful than you think. You never know how others can contribute to it or bring knowledge that others can 
actually implement.

# Two Lessons
_"Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch."_

I believe that it is saying people who contribute to a program is because they have an interest or pasion for it and want to 
see it succeed whether it is for personal interest or other reasons.

_"The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better."_

I believe this is saying that it is important to good to be part of the community in the sense that you listen to them and give
them credit for good suggestions because perhaps what they suggest is a better or more efficient solution.

# Free Vs Opem
They are similar because they are essentially implement the same license and software it just what they actaullly imply 
is different. Whie free focuses on letting anyone do anything they want with code, open software is more focused on 
collaboration to further the developemnt of the project.

# Progress on Project
So far I have been looking at some documentation that my group could be contributing to because they have a lot missing. 
I looked at how the other pages were done and possibly helping with the trasnlation of a page they are currently working on.


